prep time Pro is created by professional
ordering systems it is a kitchen display
system geared towards removing
traditional printers from both kitchen
and bar prep situations in July of 2007
Stratton's cafe in st. Louis Missouri
replaced their existing point-of-sale
system with digital dining and added
three prep time Pro stations one station
takes care of their drinks another their
kitchen prep and the third is the
expediter station for the entire tickets
going out to the kitchen Stratton's cafe
is an upscale counter service restaurant
with a sit-down dining room open for
breakfast lunch and dinner seven days a
week and will serve over 300 customers
on a Sunday morning alone let's zoom in
now and take a look at some of the
powerful features within the prep time
Pro software here at a client station we
have five chits displayed on the screen
this particular orientation is vertical
this is ticket one on the top left down
to two up to three four and five the
first three chits have been highlighted
on the touch screen changing them from
white to a great tint that lets the
operator know that they've been selected
on the bottom right hand side are the
retrieve and the bump buttons on the top
right is a powerful feature it's an
all-day for all of the items listed at
that particular station by coming down
to the bottom right and touching the
retrieve button we have the ability to
retrieve both the last ticket if it was
accidentally bumped or we can show and
select from the last eight tickets now
I've retrieved those first three tickets
after bumping them and you can see on
the screen now they have a blue tent
letting the operator know that they've
been selected and retrieved on the top
you have the ability within digital
dining to change the header what type of
information is shown on the chit's along
with the colors now let's come down and
look at the administration screen
this is where you can set up by station
the colors and there's a total of four
levels first you can see if three
minutes the station will change the
ticket from white to red and then from
to orange after 6:00 and then back to
red in this case at 10:00 the fourth
level if a ticket hits 16 minutes will
flash warning alternate between the
second and the third colors here of
course you can select the retrieve color
screen and on the bottom right hand side
you have the ability with the software
to have the tickets oriented up and down
and what we call diagonal mode as I just
showed or we can have it across the top
having chits one through four at the top
and then Chet's five through eight
across the bottom the system comes with
some powerful reporting including
reports showing every ticket sent to
that station for a particular day the
time that it was received and the time
that it was bumped there's a performance
report showing the longest ticket time
the shortest ticket time and the average
ticket time for that station there's
also an audit trail showing every single
ticket that had been retrieved Andry
bumped our team knows that the future of
hospitality is restaurants without
printers where performance by station is
tracked and monitored for each
production area within a restaurant
including the bar our team thanks you
for previewing prep time pro today and
we look forward to working with you in
your restaurant to take your operation
to the next level please call our sales
team at eight eight eight four seven
seven seven seven one one or email us
today